Drop references to the old docs on the Welcome page. (#369)
stellar/new-docs: content/docs/index.mdx

import { ReadMore } from "components/ReadMore";

This is the authoritative guide to all things Stellar. Here, you will find helpful tutorials, guides for deploying infrastructure, a glossary of common terms, and more! The documentation is designed to be modular, organized around different learning paths that expand as network use cases evolve. 

In addition to the docs here, you'll also see a link at the bottom of the left nav to the API Reference. You should check those out, too: that's a resource most developers consult as they build on Stellar.

> As you read through these docs, you may find bugs, errors, typos, or omissions. When you do, please file PRs or issues in [this repo](https://github.com/stellar/new-docs/issues/new) or make a report using [this typeform survey](https://stellarform.typeform.com/to/suEIZI).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As you read through these docs, you may find bugs, errors, typos, or omissions. When you do, please file PRs or issues in [this repo](https://github.com/stellar/new-docs/issues/new).  Like the Stellar codebase, the docs are open source, and we welcome and appreciate your contributions!
```

Reviewer: This looks good.  Suggestion added inline.  Basic idea:
- Let's kill the typeform at this point so the repo is the source of truth
- And say something friendly to encourage contributions.

Author: Good call on this! I like `so` over `and` as a conjunction to not clash with the subsequent `and`; I did this in 1035528.

Reviewer: Agreed!  Good call.
